Paco Raphael introduces a new approach to all that surrounds us in life, from a painting to furniture or fashion. The contemporary products brand Paco Raphael crosses the line between art and design, uniting artwork with industrial products. “Why should art be limited to a canvas on the wall?” was the question that led to the production of a series of art tables, dynamic floor lamps, urban style rugs, pop-boxers and industrial light boxes for home and office.



Signature style

All over the world Paco Raphael takes pictures of urban scenes. These contemporary cityscapes are mixed with urban industrial life in the 1950ies, 60ies and 70ies, by adding images of themes like old cinema, music, typography, erotica and architecture taken from posters. By uniting the then and now, he creates a contemporary picture caught on canvas. The digitally mixed print is finished by hand with paint, pen and stencils. The result is a versatile, vibrant, mixed media painting that is very recognizable as a Paco Raphael artwork.



Add function to art

At Paco Raphael we love our signature in style, but treasure freedom in form. Why should art not be functional? In creating products for everyday life, we don’t stop at the print, but redesign the whole object from the core. We question the form of known objects and take them to a new level. A level where a table has legs that are an art piece in themselves, and even the construction is redesigned to fit our style and quality.



A limitless mind

Those who bring an object of Paco Raphael into their home or office, will literally get a piece of him. Paco Raphael is a multi-faceted creative, who only works with full effort. For Paco, there are no boundaries. He will not be limited by what is, but focuses on what can be. And then makes it happen. Starting of as a creative in advertising business, he thought better design would benefit his work. He found more creative freedom as an artist. By eliminating the line between art and design, he now brings art into our everyday lives. He’ll express his passion in many unexpected forms, but always in high quality.



EXHIBITIONS
2013 | RAW ART FAIR
2012 | MIAMI ART BASEL
2012 | URBAN ART HOUSE 
2012 | AFFORDABLE ART FAIR 
2011 | MIAMI ART BASEL
2011 | AFFORDABLE ART FAIR
2011 | AAF NEW YORK
2011 | AAF (SPRING)
2011 | AMSTEL GALLERY 
2010 | AFFORDABLE ART FAIR 
2010 | OPEN ART FAIR
2010 | KUNST EN LIVING 
2010 | THE GALLERY THE HAGUE 
2009 | THE WALLS 
2009 | THE GALLERY THE HAGUE
2009 | AFFORDABLE ART FAIR 
2009 | ART DISTRICT AMSTERDAM