I was born in Faenza (Ravenna ) on 18 November 1972. I attended the Art School P.L. Nerves of Ravenna. I was a student of professors very good and dynamic , the value of which is recognized nationally , with a strong desire to teach new techniques and to better follow the boys.

After high school I got the title of " technical chart with computer support " , learning the basics of what later became my graphic design work .
I attended a two-year course in illustration at a private school in Florence. Also in Florence have also obtained the qualification of " teacher in the animated film " collaborating with the masters of Italian animation and a project RaiSat .

In 2006, I landed at the municipal school of design " Bartholomew Ramenghi " Bagnacavallo (Ra) , where I had the good fortune to meet Liliana Santandrea , artist and " curator " of artists .
Under his guidance, I finally found the pleasure of painting and sculpture.

 

In his works reassembles the mysterious flow of existence with the rhythms of the geometry. An essential geometry , perfectly balanced carrier of lightness that makes the artist's thought , combining the fascination of human presence or nature , made with the elegance of a classical sign , unease of cosmic reality .
And so the strong mark, the detail that fascinates , see the dissolve its margins to bring the mind into that space hidden in that place is not the place that human rationality perceives but does not fully understand .
They are works that vibrate on the similarities of color intensity that they know to reach especially high notes for the purity of tone and the degree of synthesis . The image , always incisive and magnetic , is subject to the rigor of geometric composition and simultaneously emerges and soul of primary energy to the tune of complementary color . It retrieves and returns the inner dimension of existence, advocate that can light up the ambiguity of that reality twilight , silent , simultaneously dense and destructive , and make it so , in the work , multi-angle views that do not aspire to the celebration of the one truth .
Liliana Santandrea

 

Exposures :

October 2013 - Bagnacavallo ( Ra) , "Traces recorded" - Collective incision

2013 May - Riolo Terme ( Ra) , "Natural - mind nature " - Group exhibition

November 2012 - Hamburg (Germany ) , " Affordable Art Fair "

March 2012 - Forlì , Forlì Fair , "Vernice Art Fair 10th edition "

2011 November - Forlì , Forlì Fair , " Contemporary 2011"

September 2011 - Russi ( RA) , " Fiorentini Gallery " - Group exhibition

July 2011 - Bagnacavallo ( Ra) , Church of Pio Suffrage - Collective exhibition "Here Come the women - Tribute to Tonino Guerra "

July 2011 - Bagnacavallo (Ra ), Palazzo Vecchio - Collective exhibition " Sapere Aude "

July 2011 - Bagnacavallo ( Ra) , the Municipal Theatre - Collective exhibition " The Tuesday evening "

, 2011 May - Russi ( RA) , The Arcades Shopping Centre - " Florentine Gallery " - Group exhibition

2010 September - Russians (Ra ) - " All in Fira" - Group exhibition

2010 August - San Lorenzo Lugo (Ra ) - " framed " - Solo exhibition

July 2010 - Bagnacavallo ( Ra) , the Municipal Theatre - Collective exhibition " The Tuesday evening "

July 2010 - Russi ( RA) , Course Farini - Collective exhibition for "Wednesday under the stars"

June 2010 - Rome - Participation in the " Talent Prize 2010 " sponsored by the magazine Inside Art

2010 april - Lugo (Ra) - Collective exhibition at the Art Gallery " Artepiù "

2010 March - Alford (Ra) , Museo del Senio - Collective exhibition "Women"

July 2009 - Bagnacavallo ( Ra) , and the Museum of the Capuchin Church of Pius Suffrage - Collective exhibition " XIV Biennial of the Municipal School of Art Bartholomew Ramenghi "

, 2009 May - Rho ( Mi) - Opera reported to " VI Contest of Pomero - Rho "

July 2008 - Bagnacavallo ( Ra) , Proloco - "Naturally" with Valeria Sangiorgi

April 2007 - Bagnacavallo ( Ra) , Museum of the Capuchin - Collective exhibition thirteenth biennial art school B. Ramenghi "where you port the work of art "

1998 - Gressoney -Saint- Jean ( Ao) - Works of naturalistic illustration for museum exhibition c / o Regional Museum of Alpine Fauna Alpen Wildlife Museum " Beck Peccoz "

1990 - Alford (Ra) , Museo del Senio - 1st prize FINE ARTS competition sponsored by the town of Alford